Draft protocol spec refactoring for Ironwood (#1300)
zcash/zips: protocol/protocol.tex

  baseurl={\baseurl}
}

% Typefaces: Presentation

\newcommand{\strongtype}{\textbf}
\newcommand{\strongitalictype}[1]{\fakebold{\textit{#1}}}
\newcommand{\strong}[1]{\strongvartype{#1}\kern0.2em}

% \strongvartype is normally \strongtype, but is overridden to be \strongitalictype while in \emph.
\newcommand{\strongvartype}{\strongtype}

> % \indexstyle is normally plain, but is overridden to be \strongitalictype while in \defining.

Author: ```suggestion
% \indextype is normally normalstyle (plain), but is overridden to be strongitalictype while in \defining.
```
